When I was in my 40s, I was divorced, I had three younger kids at home, I was working
free jobs, and I had drifted away from the congregation.
I had an acquaintance who was telling me that I was in a cult and that I needed to look
at some information that he had.
When I was about 30 years old, a fellow employee saw that I was one of Jehovah's Witnesses and
was trying to access JW.org.
He told me about someone he knew in another country who could prove to me that Jehovah's
Witnesses didn't have the truth.
That made me curious, and little by little I was persuaded to look at apostate material.
So I was born and raised in the truth, chose to dedicate myself to Jehovah at the age of
16, but I began to associate with people who had either formerly been associated with
the truth or were very loosely associated with Jehovah in his organization, and that's
really where the apostasy began to take root.
As I was reading this literature, I saw through it to an extent, but when you're drifting
away, you're looking for a reason not to believe.
I began to feed my mind with different philosophies, different ideas, even studied different
religions.
I told myself that I was doing that academically, but it started to influence the way that
I thought and felt about things.
Eventually the elders reached out to me.
I was very combative with those brothers.
I even made the accusation that Noah's Ark was a fairy tale, that that was part of mythology.
Those apostate doubts that I was reading kept going deeper and deeper into my heart.
I stopped reading the publications.
I stopped going to the meetings, and as a result my spiritual routine was dead.
So I thought I'd try to find truth elsewhere, and I looked for something out there that
was in accord with what I knew the Bible taught, but I couldn't find anything.
One Sunday morning, I rode by the Kingdom Hall, and I said to myself, oh, they're all
in there waiting for Armageddon, immediately when I thought that thought I said to myself,
well at least they feel good about themselves, how do you feel?
And the answer was, I felt terrible.
Initially, skillful use of the scriptures and just reasoning with me, the elders got
me to realize that I had been carried off, or that I had been taken captive by human philosophy,
by the deceptions and this empty reasoning of men.
I actually said a prayer.
I supplicated Jehovah, that he would really show me the way to the truth, and he took away
this feeling of emptiness, spiritually speaking.
I realized that relationship with Jehovah, that's our most precious possession, I had to
get back.
I started to study the Bible with sincerity.
I wanted it to affect my mind and my heart, and I wanted it to affect change in my behavior.
Now as I did that, I felt Jehovah blessing those efforts.
He began to help me to rebuild that relationship with him.
So I began to use Jehovah's name.
Speaking about Jehovah became a wonderful joy and a great pleasure to me, and the result
was that my ministry was very productive, and it's an amazing joy to be able to help
someone come to love Jehovah.
I was just so happy to be back under Jehovah's wings and have that peace of mind.
How loving Jehovah is, he wants to help us, and what better help we have, these the best
in the universe.